- What does Tim wanna show us?
- He'll kill me if I ruin the surprise.
- It's not a waffle truck.
I asked. - Oh.
- Welcome.
Wanted you guys be the first to see my new office.
Look. if I'm gonna be a more "out on the street"
watch commander. I need to take my office with me.
- Is this the new interceptor utility vehicle?
- It is. 700 horsepower. 8.000-pound towing capacity.
Level 4 ballistic door panels. dark mode.
and 270-degree monitoring to analyze moving objects
for potential threat levels.
- He calls it a Super Shop.
- That's a working title.
- You see. we got hats and bats. infrared camera.
breaching tools.
- Oh. yeah.
- Two 32-inch screens. - Whoo.
- Wow.
Can I be watch commander?
- No. but you are riding with me today.
- Yes. - Oh. hey. show them Droney.
- Oh. yeah. Check this out.
Isn't he cute?
- She. - Really?
- Yeah. - Oh.
- Super Shop makes the Batmobile look
like a kiddie toy.
And I can control it all right here from my phone.
See?
Damn it.
Whoa. whoa. damn it.
- Playing Tim's Pump Up Jams.
Stop. stop. stop.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- It's not gonna be as easy as you think.
- Based on this morning's demonstration. I'm well aware.
- It's not just that you're taking
the watch commander duties on patrol.
You're also exposing yourself to chain-of-command confusion
when you land at a scene. even if you stay in the SUV.
- Super Shop.
It's a working name.
Good morning.
- Good morning. - Good morning.
- All right. listen up. we're gonna do things
a little different today.
There'll be two supervisors out on the street.
Sergeant Chen and myself.
I know. I know.
No one wants the boss showing up to their calls.
second-guessing their every move.
That is not my intention. okay? Nothing has to change.
I just put wheels on my office.
And while we work out the details.
Officer Nolan will be riding with me to help
facilitate the transition.
Any questions?
- Can I pick the playlist?
It's a dumb question.
- All right. second order of business. Officer Juarez
will be on temporary duty assignment
with the Detectives Bureau.
Did you choose your focus?
- Yes. Missing Persons.
- Oof.
- Are you sure about that? - Yeah.
- Your call.
All right. I have some updates from the night shift.
- Is Missing Persons really that bad?
- Detective Desmond has a reputation.
- Like a Harper reputation?
- No. opposite.
- Last day at the DA's office.
Excited? - I'm relieved.
When the DA had one foot in retirement.
now that Vivian's DA-elect. she's gonna have free reign.
- Well. none of that will matter
once you quit and open a private practice in Malibu
with a view of the ocean.
- Uh. with that commute. you'd never see me again.
- Well. in my dream. I also work in Malibu.
I have a robot helicopter that flies
the kids to school and a pony.
- Well. sorry to kill another one of your dreams.
But I already reached out to my old landlord.
and the only view from that office
is the Ethiopian place on the first floor.
- Oh. before you go. make sure you pass off my cases
to the right prosecutors.
Daniels doesn't touch homicide.
- Give mine to Cosgrove. He is solid.
- That might be an issue.
Cosgrove just quit.
I gotta go. - Good luck.
- Wesley. it's so good to see you.
- Yeah. right.
- I'm serious. No hard feelings on my end.
- Yeah. because you destroyed me.
- Well. exactly.
I made good on the promise I made you when you
threw your hat in the ring. It's nothing personal.
In fact. I agree with you on a lot of the issues.
And I know that together. we can take the DA's office
in a positive direction.
- Mm-hmm. - Mm-hmm.
- You're not gonna fall for that. are you?
- No.
I was about to hand in my resignation letter.
- Well. she won't accept it.
With Cosgrove. Garcia. and Martin
already out. she can't afford to lose anyone else.
- Martin quit? - Keyed her car on the way out.
- A hero to us all.
- Come on.
- Hey. sorry about the election.
That should have been me facing Vivian.
You were handed a poison chalice.
- I drank from it willingly.
How's Logan?
- He's good.
He just got another chip.
He's been clean now almost four months.
- That's great.
What about you?
You gonna do the Rothwell and Pierce thing?
- No. I'm--
I'm gonna stay here.
And you should too.
- Hmm.
- Come on. Wes. you joined this place to change the culture
from within. to ensure that justice.
not punishment. was our paramount virtue. remember?
- It's a very inspirational message
that just lost by 23 points.
Look. Vivian ran on tough on crime.
She's gonna deliver.
- Yeah. which is why the city needs people like us here
now more than ever.
Look. we still can make a difference.
- Sean. - You're here already.
Let's work together. one last time.
If at the end of the day. you still wanna quit.
I won't stay in your way.
- This job is where ambition goes to die.
- Wait. what?
- Missing Persons.
It's not a real department.
It's a halfway house for cases on the way to real departments.
- That's a lot of reports for a fake department.
- 90% of these cases will solve themselves.
Teenager just needed to blow off steam.
A wife went on a bender. came home when she sobered up.
Kid fell asleep playing hide-and-seek.
- I've been on patrol for three years.
I know most missing persons reports go nowhere.
but there are people in this stack
who are victims of real crimes.
- Crimes with their own departments.
like Trafficking or Homicide.
- Sorry to interrupt.
Homicide wants the McGrath case.
Fisherman found the body.
Looks like murder. - Rest in peace.
- Okay. obviously. you know the job
way better than I do. but wouldn't hurt
to look through the case files.
see if there's anyone we can help?
- Knock yourself out.
- This thing drives like a dream--
and these seats.
Ten minutes in a regular shop. my ass is barking.
- Well. don't get used to it.
You're just here while I work out the kinks.
Once Penn is back from training.
you're back in the shop. and I'm on my own.
- I have a 4-15 at 5th and Western.
RP reports two shirtless men circling each other.
- 7-Adam-100 two blocks away.
Show us responding.
- Are you sure?
Sounds like your basic alcohol-fueled slugfest.
- Yeah. I have to test response times on even
the most basic of calls.
Captain's calling.
Bradford.
- Can you hold?
- Yeah. I'll hold.
I'll be right there. - I got this one.
LAPD. You guys. break it up.
Come on.
- Sorry. he was called into a meeting.
Can you hold just a minute longer?
Thanks. - No. I'm out on--
- Hey.
- Hey. keep your hands where I can see them.
Just stay right there.
- Sorry to keep you waiting. - No problem. sir.
We're getting a lot of complaints
about vagrants in Stoner Park.
- I've gotta say. renaming it would be a strong start.
- It's important that people feel safe in public places.
- Couldn't agree more.
I'll have additional units in the area starting today.
Okay. is that it?
- One more thing. I just wanna say.
your tireless commitment to justice
and the people of this city--
- Thank you. sir.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Good job. sir.
You supervised the hell out of that.
- You're still here.
- And I think I found a workable case.
Sadie Bell. 30. was reported missing last week.
but according to her best friend. Joe.
Sadie never misses visitation with her kid
on the first Tuesday of every month.
- Walk with me.
Reporting party's address?
- 5200 6th Street.
- It's a homeless shelter.
Joe is unhoused. meaning Sadie's unhoused.
Not the most reliable bunch.
- On the other hand. sir. unhoused women
are highly vulnerable to physical and sexual assaults.
- True. and they're also more likely to be
substance abusers who miss things like supervised
child visitations.
- Oh. I know.
Well. I think it's worth investigating.
So what's our first step?
- Why are you so gung ho. Officer Juarez?
And don't just say the indefatigability of youth.
- My sister was abducted when I was a child. sir.
I lived the fear of not knowing where a loved one is.
- Understandable and quite noble.
But I would caution you that the thousand files
in my office are not an unending stack
of potential happy endings.
For the subset that are not just
runaways or miscommunications.
the endings are mostly heartbreaking.
- I haven't had a chance to review the reports.
but it's at the top of my list.
Okay. I appreciate the reminder.
How did Grey make it look so easy?
- Well. the scowl helped.
Yeah. you don't wanna bother that face
with anything less than an absolute emergency.
- My scowl is legendary.
- It was.
But then Lucy moved in.
You know what?
I take it back.
Hey. Dash. everything all right?
- Hey. so lesson for the future.
if somebody asks if you wanna see a dead body. say no.
- Dash. are you standing over a dead body?
- Yep.
- He's been here for at least a day.
Won't know how long for sure until TID gets here
and we turn him over.
- Kenneth Morris.
- K-Dog? For real?
Oh. Kenny's my English teacher.
Was my English teacher.
- Okay. so who found the body?
- Dakota.
We're in fourth period together.
But I didn't think it was real.
She's always gossiping about something.
Last week. she told me she was quitting school
because she landed some influencer
brand deal with Pop-Tarts.
Turns out it was just a regional campaign.
- No offense. it just doesn't seem
like Coastwood is your scene.
- Oh. it's not.
But my mom said I needed a strong senior year
in order to get into a good college.
So she landed an office job here.
and that way. I get a major break on tuition.
- Dad not in the picture?
- No. he kind of lurks in the background like the Babadook.
specializing in bad decisions and hot cougars.
- Right.
So you said Dakota found the body originally.
- No. Dakota said CJ told her about it. who heard about it
from Ilya and Autumn. who might have heard
about it from somebody else.
- So how many teenagers came out to the woods.
saw a dead body. and did nothing about it
except tell their friends?
- Unknown.
But I bet they all took selfies with it.
- Starving.
Can I order Green Juice or something?
- Your intermittent fast doesn't end until 1:00.
We can talk after that.
- No one is asking you to spy on your friends.
No. we have hidden surveillance set up to capture
candid conversations. - Tight.
But they're not my friends. - Oh.
- How's my hair?
- It's fine.
Who are you trying to impress?
- No one.
Autumn.
- She's pretty.
- That's like saying that the Hanging Gardens of Babylon
were cool instead of a feat of unparalleled engineering
that redefined elegance and beauty in the ancient world.
But I'm a little biased.
- Clearly. She nice?
- Hey. Dash. do you wanna come to my premiere tonight?
- Uh. yeah. totally. I would love to.
- No. wait.
My publicist said we already did
our charity work for the year.
So you're out of luck. Sorry.
- What are you premiering?
- The new Laporte film.
It's already getting Oscar buzz.
- Oh. who do you play in the movie?
- Young Addict Number Two.
No lines. but my featured reactions
really carry the film.
Oh. by the way. I have a hard out at 3:00.
Glam squad's coming to my house.
- Well. we'll try to get you out in time
for the full face shellacking.
Do you have a parent or guardian with you?
- Oh. no thank you.
I was legally emancipated when I was 13
so I could work adult hours on set.
I don't need them here.
- Great. Let's interview you first.
- Please tell me Jack won't be going there.
- It's not definite. but Jack's preschool
is the feeder school for Coastwood.
It would be an easy transition.
- Logistically. maybe. but emotionally. won't you--
- Die a little? Yes.
But LA elementary schools are more competitive than Stanford.
and having an easy path would save
hundreds of hours of stress.
- Yeah. but then he'd be going to school with kids like these.
- That's where it falls apart.
- And what can you tell me about Morris?
- Oh. Kenny was such a sweetie.
Even when I had to miss a lot of class last year.
he was so chill about it.
- Why did you have to miss school?
- I was doing this indie project.
We were supposed to premiere at Sundance.
but then the director had all these. like.
"harassment allegations" or whatever
and got basically blackballed.
And now my career has to suffer.
- Did Kenneth have any disagreements
with other teachers. faculty?
- No. I really can't imagine anyone wanting to hurt Ken-Ken.
He wasn't traditionally attractive. sure.
but that's no reason to be murdered. right?
- Can I vape in here?
I have a note from my therapist.
- He does. I have it right here.
- No.
Who first told you about the body in the woods?
- It was Sushi Tuesday. so I was pretty laser-focused
on whether I wanted ahi or uni.
I think I ended up getting both.
- Let's focus here.
Where did you hear about the body?
- Well. I remember Autumn mentioning something earlier
in the day when she was talking to Ilya.
but Ilya said he had heard it from--
- Zoey.
I guess she originally saw something about it in a DM
from Linette when she was going through CJ's phone.
And given what happened on the school trip last year.
it is super sketchy that he was DM'ing Linette.
- Back up.
Where do we think the rumor started?
- Nowhere. everywhere.
- How are we further from figuring
this out than when we started?
- I called for backup.
- Hi again.
- Thank God. normal teenager.
No offense. it's just your classmates tend to be--
- Overwhelmed by their own champagne problems.
I get it.
My dysfunction is a little bit more proletariat.
- Guess that's one way to put it.
- Yeah. I don't really hang out with them
much outside of school.
And that's not just because I didn't make "Forbes"
20 under 20. but it's definitely a factor.
- Well. we're not done with the interviews yet.
but so far. no one we have talked to
has said they're the one who started the rumor.
They all claim to have heard it from someone else.
- Right.
So Reese heard about it from CJ.
who heard about it from Zoey. who saw it in a DM from--
- You said that Reese heard about it from CJ?
- That's what she told us.
- That doesn't make any sense.
They got in a huge fight last week about. you know.
whether or not sending nudes to other people
counts as cheating.
They haven't spoken to each other since.
And word in the halls is that Zoey
and CJ are the new it couple.
- Oh. my God. yes. I was
totally picking up on that vibe.
But I saw that Zoey wasn't following CJ on Instagram.
so I put it from my head.
But when I doubled back to check.
it looks like she does follow him. but only with her finsta.
- With her finsta. yeah.
- Okay. this is-- this is actually
all starting to make sense.
- It is?
- So Linette and Emma. they went to the bathroom
to do a fit check for their joint Instagram account.
And Linette said that she hears somebody
crying in one of the stalls.
And she says that it's Reese because
she recognizes her leather Tabis.
Travis tells Paul in the parking lot that he heard about
a dead body from "some bitch in first period."
and who does he have first period with?
Reese.
And Dash heard about the body from Dakota.
who is Reese's second-best friend.
but she has been fighting for that number one spot.
So. I mean. she would do anything that Reese says.
- So if Reese told Dakota to lie about where
she heard about the body--
- This is all coming back to Reese.
- Okay. so is Reese witness zero?
Or is she the killer?
- Sadie?
Yeah. okay.
You know. the night Sadie went missing. it was pouring rain.
and the shelter was full.
So I'm thinking she crawled in here to stay dry
and got trapped.
- Couple months ago. I found a bunch of guys
living it up in an access tunnel--
electricity. Wi-Fi. the whole thing.
They had the right idea.
- But you also have electricity and Wi-Fi.
- Yeah. but I have to pay for it.
- You know. one of those gates. if they locked behind her.
she could be trapped or too injured to crawl out.
- Yeah. but at this point. she's probably
dead from dehydration.
Wait. what?
- Sadie. if you can hear me. make a sound.
Desmond. - Where are you?
- I'm inside a service tunnel looking for Sadie.
- I called the shelter. She showed up this morning.
- You're kidding. Well. why didn't they call us?
- They never do.
- So she was fine this whole time?
- Yeah. it turns out that her friend
had the visitation day wrong.
But hey. cheer up.
At least you only wasted your own time.
- I am so sorry.
- Oh. hey. Celina.
Hey. I heard about the missing person who wasn't missing.
- Already? I just got back.
- Smitty was with you.
- Right.
Oh. I'm gonna owe a lot of favors
after dragging the cavalry through the sewers.
- Okay. first of all. do not refer
to any group that includes Smitty as the cavalry.
And second. those guys will forgive you.
Or you know. somebody else will screw up way worse.
and then they'll be focused on that.
Whoa. I'm kidding.
Hey. one misstep does not change the fact
that your instincts here are legendary.
So just take a second to wallow in this.
but then get cleaned up and get back out there. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Oh. you're too kind.
Yes. I'm really looking forward to working
with you as well. Madam Mayor.
Okay. bye.
Sorry. I've been so busy.
Before I make the big move upstairs.
I wanted to get our house in order.
a little bit clear the deck.
So we have 27 felony arrests awaiting prosecution.
We just do not have the manpower
to take them all to trial. - Why?
Did you lose some ADAs or something?
- There's been turnover. yes.
So I've got plea deals approved for all these cases.
and I need you both to get them signed ASAP.
- Murder 2?
This guy robbed a convenience store.
and the clerk had a heart attack.
That is felony manslaughter at best.
- The teen who pegged his principal with a football
is assault with a deadly weapon?
Did the DA sign off on these?
- I pointed to the significant mandate
voters handed me. and he agreed.
- Well. their lawyers are not going to agree to these terms.
- No.
- Make them agree.
- Apple Pruitt. She lives in my building.
Her mother reported her missing a month ago
when she didn't return from Coachella.
- Every year. we get a spike in reports after Chella.
This one time. this guy disassociated so hard
he reported himself missing.
- No. but this one's weird.
Apple has a strong social media presence
but didn't post anything about what happened this year.
There was a massive dust storm.
They canceled day two at the Sahara Tent.
I mean. everyone was posting about it.
- It's not exactly a smoking gun.
- Okay. listen. I know how this sounds.
but something is telling me to investigate.
- I see what's going on.
You said she lives in your building?
- Mm-hmm. - Classic move.
You take the case near your house
so you can investigate it from your living room.
When the shift ends. you're just
a few steps from your futon.
- I'm not trying to go home early.
- That's too bad.
I thought you were finally catching on.
- There's no obvious connection between Reese and Mr. Morris.
He did tutor her every week.
but he tutored a lot of the kids.
- Yeah. and his Venmo transactions
show that he was pulling down six figures
on top of his salary.
- Why is "tutoring" in quotes?
And one of the parents added a winky face emoji?
- Every student who paid for tutoring got an A.
- The only kid who was struggling was Dash.
- Yeah. his mom was barely scraping tuition together.
They couldn't afford anything extra.
- Okay. so the parents are paying for grades
so the kids get into a better college.
But. I mean. why kill him?
- Maybe he couldn't deliver.
If I spent that kind of money and my kid
didn't get into their dream school. I'd be pissed.
- Reese. have you decided what college you're going to?
- Um. I think I may be taking a gap year.
- From your social media accounts.
it seems like you're all about Yale.
- That was kind of my mom's thing.
- But you did apply.
- Yeah. I applied to lots of places.
but I didn't get in. so.
- Was your mom upset?
- Yeah. I guess.
- Reese. we know it was you who started the rumor.
- No. I heard it from CJ.
- We know that's not true.
But you did tell Dakota and Travis and Linette.
You know what that tells me?
You wanted someone to know.
You wanted the police to know. but you just
didn't wanna be the one to call.
- It didn't seem right that he was just lying out there.
- How did you know he'd been killed?
- I stayed late on Tuesday.
My mom wanted to talk to Mr. Morris.
She was so angry about Yale.
She was yelling at him.
and he wanted to talk somewhere private.
so they went out back behind the school.
I waited and waited.
and finally. my mom came back.
Just her. not him.
and her hands were--
she wouldn't talk about it. but I--
I knew she did something.
I didn't want any of this to happen.
I don't even care about college.
- Well. at least I know why I was failing the class.
- Your mom wasn't bribing the teacher.
- Yeah. and I never did any homework.
- Listen. your mom is stuck at school.
Things are about as hectic over there as you can imagine.
So your dad's gonna come take you home.
- Is that all right?
- Yeah. it's fine.
He shows up every six to eight months
to remind everybody why my mom got sole custody.
- I'm telling you. you cannot lose.
You would be a fool not to invest.
Hit me up on socials.
I will tell you more about it. okay?
Hey. there's my guy.
How you doing?
Still haven't had that growth spurt yet. huh?
- I'm pacing myself.
- Hey. sorry I haven't been around much.
Been working crazy hours.
But good news. Tiger Bear has one more investor signed on
with a non-binding verbal agreement.
- Tiger Bear? - It's a soup.
It's a breakfast soup.
- Dash. come on. no. that was the last one.
Tiger Bear Whiskey Tequila's the whisquila start-up.
It's gonna be huge.
You should get in on the ground floor. champ.
I'm telling you. an investment of 10 grand
will triple by the end of the year guaranteed.
- You do know your son found one of his teachers
dead behind the school gym today.
- Damn it.
Sorry. sorry. okay. keep going.
So Dash was working out. and--
- Just take me home.
Will I have to excavate the passenger seat
for parking tickets again. or?
- He's joking. I am a model citizen.
Don't say that.
- Dash.
I'm around if you need me.
- Listen. we gotta stop by my place first.
But we'll make it a bro out.
You know. we'll order some 'za.
We'll watch last week's UFC.
- Have a problem?
- Just the universal unfairness of the world.
nothing actionable.
- Thanks for coming in.
This is a plea deal.
And before you ask. it's the best deal
your client's gonna get.
I know. murder 2. it seems excessive.
I mean. all you did was rob a convenience store.
It wasn't your fault that the clerk had a heart attack.
The man had end-stage heart disease.
Now. a jury could see that as extenuating circumstances.
- I mean. if the jury was blind.
maybe they'd see that as a gang tattoo.
But I don't have to risk that possibility
if you just say yes to the plea.
- I mean. who cares there's no precedent for a felony
prosecution this severe.
- So what if our only witness has
been charged with perjury and false accusations
in two other cases?
- I mean. if you think you could do better at trial.
you just push that plea deal right back at me.
- The music is nowhere near too loud.
- I'm Officer Juarez with LAPD.
Yeah. I'm following your roommate. Apple Pruitt's case.
Yeah. she hasn't come home. right?
- No. no.
I'm worried sick.
- Do you mind if I come inside?
- Sure. yeah. of course.
I've actually been boxing up Apple's things all day.
It's officially 30 days tomorrow.
I just--I need someone else in here
to help me with this crazy rent.
not that Apple is great about paying.
She doesn't believe in money or monogamy or cleaning.
- She sounds like a lot.
- Oh. don't get me wrong. she was--
is one of my favorite people.
just not the greatest at cohabitation.
- Right.
And the last time you saw her was
right before she left for Coachella?
- She loved going. even though she had her issues before.
I mean. bad drugs and aggressive guys.
she definitely had some scares.
- And you think that's what happened to her?
- I don't know.
Um. I mean. I'm just trying to be helpful.
But I'm desperate for you to find her.
- Do you mind if I take a look at her bedroom?
- Yeah. no problem.
It's--it's right over there.
- Augh!
- I'm sorry!
I'm sorry!
It's not what you think!
- Okay. okay.
- This is Officer Juarez. badge number 53397.
I'm code 4 with a possible 245 suspect.
Also suspected of a 187. Send backup.
I need an RA TID to my location.
- You don't understand.
She was the worst roommate ever.
- Yeah. I'm pretty sure you're the worst roommate ever.
- So this is just temporary.
But the money train is chugging into the station.
Then I'm gonna be playing the how many square feet
is too many square feet game.
You want some? - Uh. no. thanks.
I just shotgunned some gasoline.
- Ah.
Oh. God.
That's some serious stuff.
Hey. so this fancy private school of yours--
- Where a teacher was just murdered?
- Really?
- How have you not been paying attention?
Never mind. of course you haven't.
- All I'm saying is. you're in the perfect spot
to help your dear old dad raise some cash money capital.
I'm having supply issues in the Czech Republic.
- Where they specialize in neither whiskey nor tequila.
- Okay. That is besides the point.
Anyways. you would be helping out the family
if I can get you to make a few introductions.
- If I say I'll think about it. will you take me home?
- Come on. What's the rush? Party's just getting started.
- Gus. I know you're in there.
Open the damn door.
We're gonna go out the window.
No. we're not.
- I can hear you in there.
Open the door. or we kick it in.
- Uh. okay. so a few of my friends are here.
You gotta go hide.
- Why would I hide from your friends?
- Just go.
And don't come out no matter what.
- Dash?
- I think I might be in some trouble.
- Fellas.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
I'm sorry about the confusion.
Your money. it's being transferred.
It's just the app. you know. it takes a few days. so--
- Okay. where are you?
- Closet. Dad's apartment.
They're beating him up.
- I can get your money.
Just one more day. like two tops.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. no.
- All right. stay hidden until we get there.
- I can't.
They'll kill him. I have to do something.
- No. Dash.
Dash. no.
- I know how you can get your money.
- Who the hell is this?
- It's my neighbor. He waters my plants.
- You are such a liar.
Although lying to protect your kid is almost noble.
Be ashamed if I had to break all his teeth.
stomp both his hands into soup.
- Pass and pass.
How about we go with my plan instead--
rob a bunch of rich kids that go to my school?
Who wants a Rolex?
- You better not be lying. kid.
Your dad is out of free passes.
Let's go.
- Dash would never knowingly put someone in danger.
- So we track down whether
any school families are out of town.
- The Laporte premiere.
He's a pretentious auteur filmmaker.
His new movie launches tonight.
Autumn Harrington is in it.
That's the girl that Dash has a crush on.
Her address is in the system.
- Damn. who is this chick? - Autumn?
She's an up-and-coming it girl.
Her new project's getting Oscar buzz.
- Yeah. well. let's hope she get paid in diamond bracelets.
you know. stuff that's easy to pawn.
Otherwise. you and dad gonna find out
what a landfill tastes like.
Out.
Stay with Gus until I give you the signal.
- All right.
- Man. for what it's worth. your dad is the biggest
train wreck I ever met.
My old man. he in prison--
trying to steal a FedEx plane with a tow truck.
- Well. if you're the ghost of my future self.
I might just have to Virginia Woolf it.
- I don't know what that means.
- She was arguably the most influential
writer of the 20th century?
Ended it all by walking into a river
with rocks in her pockets.
- Nobody likes a comedian. kid.
- I'd argue. but the gun gives you the last word.
- Hey. if this is a set-up. I'm killing everybody. got it?
- Yes. sir.
- You're not my Agedashi tofu.
- You're not supposed to be here.
- Well. he cut me out of the movie.
so I wasn't on the list.
Do you know how mortifying that--
who the hell are you? - Hey. who else in the house?
- Nobody. My parents are in Monaco.
- All right. get over here.
- I don't want to.
- No problem. I'll just shoot you.
Hold hands. - Why?
- Whoa. it's even bigger on the inside.
See. this is the kind of place I'm gonna get when I get paid.
- Hey. man. shut up.
Stay down here with the idiot. all right?
Steal anything that's shiny.
Now take me to your parents' room.
And they better have a boatload of watches and jewelry.
- Hey. hey! - Let's go.
- Whoa. those whiskey bottles worth. like. 500 each.
I'm just gonna grab a couple.
- Show me.
- What about this?
- The Merlot? Really?
No. dude. those two are worth way more.
All right. all right.
- Hey. where's the jewelry?
- Closet.
- All right. all right. Come here.
Hey. hey. stay here.
- I cannot believe you brought them to my house.
- I panicked. okay?
They were gonna kill my dad.
And besides. you weren't supposed to be here.
I would never knowingly put you in danger.
- Because you have the hots for me.
- I have romantic intentions. yeah.
But clearly. you don't share them. so--
It's not like you're not cute.
You're just-- - Poor?
- Exactly.
What are you doing?
- Looking for a gun.
Oh. that's not a gun.
- Oh. - Oh.
Oh. your parents are freaky.
- Hey. what the hell you doing?
Get away from there. - Oh. sorry.
Sorry.
- I'm never gonna be able to look at my parents
in the eye again.
- Me neither.
- Hey. Andre wouldn't really hurt my kid. right?
This is a scare tactic?
I mean. I know I'm not a great dad. but I try. you know?
When it's convenient for me.
Like. I wanna be better.
Like. I really do.
I think about it all the time.
Well. not all the time.
which is the heart of the problem. really.
I just gotta be better.
The kid deserves a role model. not the flaming hot mess
I am on a daily basis.
It feels really good to come clean about this.
you know. it's kind of cathartic--augh!
When the hell did you get here?
- Where's Dash?
- Let's go.
- No. she's staying here.
She hasn't seen your face. so you're in the clear.
Just. you can do whatever you wanna me.
Just let her go.
- Hey. man. you got balls. kid. unlike your father.
But she cannot stay here. all right?
Let's go.
- There's a gold bar in that bedside table.
- Yeah. right.
- I'm serious.
But if you wanna leave it. like...
- Stay right here.
Don't move.
Oh!
- Get back.
Drop it.
Come on. get up.
Hey. you two okay?
- Physically.
- Here. Give me these.
Come here.
- Ow.
Thanks.
And thanks for trying to save me.
- Yeah. anytime.
- Oh. thank God.
Although I knew it was all gonna be all right.
Hey. maybe we don't tell your mom about this.
You know. we just keep it a bro thing.
So we can-- - Stop. Just stop.
Everything that you do. everything that you say
is just so selfish. so toxic.
You haven't done one fatherly thing for me in my entire life.
All you care about is yourself.
And I'm just sick of it.
I'm done with you forever.
- What?
- So we met with all 27 defendants.
- It's the craziest thing.
We tried our hardest. none of them would accept a plea deal.
- Not a one.
- Well. I hope you've kept your weekends clear.
because now you've got 27 trials
you're gonna need to prepare for.
- About that.
I quit.
And I'd say best of luck.
but I hope you fail spectacularly.
Sorry. Sean. I just can't.
- No. no worries.
I can't either.
I quit too.
Hey. what do you think of the law firm
of Del Monte and Evers?
- Well. you haven't worked a day in your life
as a defense attorney.
Evers and Del Monte.
- Turn to the right.
- Way ahead of you.
Not my first rodeo.
- Now we just need your clothes for evidence.
and then you're free to go.
- After everything that happened?
- The DA may still press charges.
but it was pretty clear you were under duress.
- I really wanted this time to be different.
I was gonna buy a Dash a car with a Tiger Bear on it
to make up for lost time. you know.
But he's right.
I screw everything up.
He's better off without me.
- Probably.
I've had some experience with bad fathers and the love
that sons feel for them no matter how many times
they get their hearts broken.
And unless you're willing to change.
and I mean really change.
the best thing you can do for Dash
is just leave him the hell alone.
- What were you thinking?
- I'm fine. Thanks for asking.
- Do you know how close you were to becoming
a missing person yourself?
If she would have succeeded in killing you.
how would I have known?
The first thing she'd do is destroy your phone.
So when I pulled your last known location.
it would be your building.
So to me and the world. you were home.
and then you vanished.
- I see that now.
It's just. I figured I'd stop by and ask a few questions.
- We have protocols for a reason.
- Yes. sir.
I let my best intentions obscure my judgment
proving I still have a lot to learn about this job.
You know. but if I can be so bold as to ask a favor...
- You can ask.
- I remain undaunted.
So if a file comes across your desk
that gives you a feeling. call me.
I am happy to run down any lead I can for you free of charge.
- Deal.
And for what it's worth...
I'm glad you're okay.
- Your dad's gone. and your mom's on her way.
- Cool.
- Do you wanna talk about anything?
- Uh. not really.
I think I'm a little talked out for once.
- Understood.
You know. at the risk of sounding overly earnest.
you're a very special young man.
despite--or maybe even because of what
your father's put you through.
Now. I know you know that you're not him
in any way. shape. or form.
but I also know that family pain is emotional
and not intellectual.
I'm just trying to say.
if you ever need a reminder of this conversation.
you have my number.
- Thanks.
And just to be clear. you're saying
I can call you every morning at the crack of dawn
just to tell me I'm awesome?
- No. - Every other morning?
- Twice a week. final offer.
- I can live with that--
if you can live with unlimited texts.
DMs. and social media shout-outs.
Just the calls?
Okay.
- Smart man.
- Damn it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm